Problem

    Currently, Dynatrace OneAgent Logshipping is not clearly configured for AKS and VMs, or is not cost-optimized.
    Assumption: It is not clearly regulated which logs are sent to Dynatrace by default; this means that there is a risk of unnecessary log costs.
    The goal is a setup where:
        no logs are automatically sent to Dynatrace (cost control),
        If necessary, application owners can control themselves which logs go to Dynatrace.
    For VMs, a defined folder should be available in which logged files can be placed/configured if necessary, so that they are automatically sent to Dynatrace.
    For AKS, an analog, practical procedure should be implemented (e.g. via annotations, specific paths or sidecar/agent configuration) so that application owners can independently activate logshipping.
    The procedure (incl. Examples of VM & AKS) are to be documented in the Skywalker Academy as instructions.

Acceptance criteria (definition of done)

    For VMs, Dynatrace OneAgent Logshipping is configured to:
        by default only necessary platform logs are automatically sent to Dynatrace,
        a defined log folder (e.g. path per OS) exists, from which all the logs located there are sent to Dynatrace,
        the behavior is verified on at least one test VM
    For AKS, an analog, documented method is implemented with which Application Owner per application/namespace can specifically determine whether/which logs are sent to Dynatrace (e.g. via conventions, annotations or predefined mount paths), and this behavior is checked in a test namespace.
        It takes into account how applications need to label their logs/pods/namespaces in order for the logs to be properly mappable.
    A sync with the 2nd level operation has taken place to define the minimum set of operating logs and to include them.
        The necessary platform logs are taken into account
    The configuration is recorded in the Dynatrace inventory documentation.
    The necessary changes are reserved for the next release end of Sprint 4.
